Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
I didn't hear anything about it raining today.
Didn't you say it was right around the corner?
If it's close then we can just run. Writer Seo, can you run well?
What? Well...
You can go with me, Writer Seo.
Oppa!
Hello.
I'm Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu's girlfriend, Lee Hye Ryeong.
Episode 13: The Best Love Affair
I had no idea Assistant Manager Lee had such a pretty girlfriend.
Thank you. I guess he doesn't talk about me much.
That's true.
Assistant Manager Lee doesn't really talk about his personal life.
Assistant Manager Lee, you built some walls around yourself.
So I guess you didn't know that Writer Seo Ji Won was his first love either.
Oppa Seung Yu and Writer Seo were each others' first love.
Isn't that funny?
So the reason you wanted to be in charge of Writer Seo's 'Like a Watercolor'...
No way. Wow.
Hey, my oppa isn't that kind of person.
He's a very objective person.
It's been a long time since they've seen each other.
Isn't that right, Writer Seo?
It seems like those drama-like things can happen sometimes.
It was just nice seeing you again Assistant Manager Lee, isn't that right?
More so than nice, I was happy to see you.
I really wanted to see you again.
All of a sudden the atmosphere is somewhat...
But why did you want to change the manager?
You don't need to do that.
Now that everyone knows, we can work comfortably.
Isn't that right, Writer Seo?
[CAFE, Wine, Pasta, Coffee]
Ji Won.
You still have something to say?
Even after all this?
- It's because she's still young.  - No, you're the one who's young.
It's over so don't bother.
Why are you being like this?
I should be asking you that!
Did you have fun putting me and Lee Hye Ryeong on your scale? Do I look easy?
You know that's not true.
I tried to understand you, but I can't.
I thought of it too lightly.
Please... just leave me out of your love games.
Because I'm starting to hate myself for loving you for even a moment.
Writer.
Aren't you tired of being part of a third-rate drama?
Do you want to do something fun with me?
So where do all the countless hours
we spend together go?
Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming will be saying farewell to all of you.
The sadness that precedes our goodbye
seem inevitable.
But being separated with grief just hurts, right?
To keep it a little tranquil,
I would like to leave with a beautiful goodbye.
Because the time we spent together was always blissful.
Was I ever happy?
I can't remember.
Announcer Lee, your voice today was sexy.
[Announcer Lee, your voice today was sexy~!!]
This has been Lee Ran Ju of Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming. Tomorrow—
Have a good night.
I'm here.
You're here!
Whose girlfriend is this pretty, lovable, and sexy?
Hyeong Jun Yeong's.
Hyeong Jun Yeong is one lucky guy.
What did you make?
Doenjang-jjigae. (T/N: soybean paste stew)
Smell.
Ta-da!
Let's see.
Is it good?
- It's delicious.  - Really?
That's a relief. It's not salty?
It's really good.
- This came out good.  - Hold on, hold on.
♫ You gently approach and blow into my heart ♫
Is it good?
♫ You're a happy breeze ♫
Slow down. Take your time.
Cheers!
I thought we were doing something fun.
You want to work again?
Director, isn't this a bit harsh?
Did you know you have an impatient personality?
I said it's going to be fun.
How do you like it? My publication space.
Make yourself comfortable.
Okay.
How do you like it?
It's fun.
Oh. Is this...?
That's right. It's my first movie.
You attend this academy as well?
- Yes.  - It must be fate.
Oh, that's right.
I went home to look for a cable,
but I didn't have one at home.
- No, it's fine.  - No, take it.
No. It's really okay.
Then why don't just buy me coffee later?
- Are you preparing to study abroad?  - Oh no, no, no.
I was actually developing a photo app.
A photo app?
Yes.
No matter where you are, I'll be there with you.
And you?
I love you.
Goodbye.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Go inside.
What are you doing?
I'm doing this because I love you.
No. You just want to have me because you can't.
What's the difference?
I want to have you because I love you.
You know that too.
I have no intention of breaking up with you.
- Sorry.  - You're supposed to say you'll return to me.
Writer Seo Ji Won...
do you really love her?
Just like you.
I want to change her mind somehow.
The movie was really great.
Are you just being polite?
You don't trust me that much?
The movie did so badly that it doesn't seem deserved.
It's a movie that touches the heart.
The female star
is your ex-girlfriend, isn't she?
The movie can't hide it, can it?
It can't lie.
That's why I wanted to show you.
I felt like I kept spying on your love life.
I'm the type that can't be in debt.
What I saw today was really huge.
You know ratings for ridiculous dramas are unusually high.
A noble art movie like that can't compare.
Do you know the biggest difference between your 20s and 30s?
I wonder. What could it be?
Stamina?
When love ends, you can immerse yourself in work.
Let's just work from now on.
Is this Cha Do Hoon's style of confort?
Of course. You get it right away.
♫ You don't have to struggle, it's just going to flow ♫
Then, let's do our best.
Okay.
That awful love finally ended.
[Swiss Miss]
I had no lingering attachments.
Writer Seo, I became your Assistant Manager again.
Please take care of me.
And I had no regrets.
It just felt like a very long dream.
A dream that fades away when you wake up in the morning.
Ta-da! My new menu item. Try it.
The name of this menu item is "Cheese Plate."
Try it!
It has cheese, onion, chili, everything I could throw in.
- Boss Hong.  - Boss Hong.
Give us some milk.
I was finding my everyday routines.
Yeah. Put in less chili pepper.
Seo Ji Won. Seo Ji Won?
Ji Won.
[ink]
Seo Ji Won.
["Coffee While I Wait For You." by Ji Won]
She's gotten a lot better.
Are you following me around?
I live in this neighborhood.
Don't you work?
I probably work harder than the writer that does laundry during the day.
Ah, seriously.
Why is it so fun to tease you?
Why are you so mischievous?
That's why you should be nice.
Let me see. Right there.
Right here?
Looks like you have some right there too.
That's probably my facial hair. It's not like this is a latte.
Hold on.
Yes, Assistant Manager Yoon.
Yeah, Wang PD. What?
Writer Seo, we have a big problem.
Have you looked online?
What are you talking about?
But my life
never
left me alone.
[How To Be Thirty]
- Take it down.  - What?
Take down "Like a Watercolor." That's the only way Writer Seo can live.
I should have known since Assistant Manager Lee wanted to be in charge of Writer Seo's work.
You knew from the beginning, but you still tried—
- You really can't trust me?  - That's the easiest way for me.
You didn't do anything wrong. You didn't know when you started dating him.
What if I did know?
Thanks.
I thought it would just remain a memory,
but I started loving you again.